[music]
today we will go and run
peak friend backpack backpack tech
mommy and daddy gave me this
backpack all i need i can find in
Backpack does not fit you a lot of different
items i need to treat everything
boys library you will not fit
so many books let's find all the books
from the library and put them you backpack
we need your help to find mine
books I click on each
the book which I ask
I'll tell you about the book I'm looking for
and when you see it click it
find a book
green thanks
which i need
find a book of a different color
[music]
find the book carefully
yellow thank you very well find
the book
purple color
[music]
This is the book that has long been and find the book.
blue we put all the items
numb if there is a place in which you
want good i'm the only one with you
need to play yakarta i am somehow mine
new backpacks have a card if you
need to get to some place i
help you in this house need to find
the very way the library to carry there
to ege and so i know the shortest way and
library for a start ahead bridge role
and then you will overcome a big mountain here
so you get to the library and so
memorize the bridge mountain library
if you suddenly care about me
I'll tell you
swelling bridge mountain
library bridge let's go let's go
[music]